Merge `Usage permissions` and `Content usage guidelines` and move to `Rules/` (#10397)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Help_centre/Usage_permissions/Usage_permissions/en.md

For artists wishing to add or update their entry on this listing, please feel free to reach out to the osu! music licensing team at [music@ppy.sh](mailto:music@ppy.sh).

> Alternatively, artists are encouraged to contact the team about proper licensing of their work. See the [osu! music licensing](/legal/Music_licensing) article for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also consider contacting the team about negotiating licensing. See the [osu! music licensing](/legal/Music_licensing) page for more information.
```
